Update concept-identity-protection-risks.md (#986)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/id-protection/concept-identity-protection-risks.md

> 
> Our system will dismiss the risk state and a risk detail of **AI confirmed sign-in safe** will show and no longer contribute to the user’s overall risk.

> On risk detailed data, **Time Detection** records the exact moment a risk is identified during a user's sign-in, allowing for real-time risk assessment and immediate policy application to safeguard the user and organization, while **Detection last updated** shows the latest update to a risk detection, which could be due to new information, risk level changes, or administrative actions, ensuring up-to-date risk management.
> 
> These fields are essential for real-time monitoring, threat response, and maintaining secure access to organizational resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On risk-detailed data, **Time Detection** records the exact moment a risk is identified during a user's sign-in, which allows for real-time risk assessment and immediate policy application to safeguard the user and organization. **Detection last updated** shows the latest update to a risk detection, which could be due to new information, risk level changes, or administrative actions, and ensures up-to-date risk management.

These fields are essential for real-time monitoring, threat response, and maintaining secure access to organizational resources.
```
